Feature/silabs doc (#206)
mkardous-silabs/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/silabs_common_app_behavior.md

# Standard Application Behavior Guide

## Introduction 
This section discusses the application behaviour that is common to all Silabs sample apps.
The source files that implement the common functionnality can be found in the [example platform](../../examples/platform/silabs/) directory.

-   [Introduction](#introduction)
-   [LCD Screens](#lcd-screens)
    -   [QR Code](#qr-code)
    -   [Application UI](#application-ui)
    -   [Status Screen](#status-screen)
-   [Buttons](#buttons)
    -   [Opreation Button](#operation-button)
    -   [Application Button](#application-button)
-   [LEDs](#leds)
    -   [Status LED](#status-led)
    -   [Application LED ](#application-led)

## LCD Screens

> When using a developement kit that supports the LCD, the application has three disctint windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a development kit that supports the LCD, the application has three distinct windows.
```

        <th>Execution</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Press and Release</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li>If the device is not already commissionned, it will start advertising in fast mode for 30 seconds. <br/>After 30 seconds, the device will then switch to a slower interval advertisement After 15 minutes, the advertisement stops.</li>
                <li>Prints initial and BCM commissioining QR code in the Logs</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Press and hold for 6 seconds</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li>Factory Reset device</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Application Button 

See the sample app documentation for more information on the application button.

## LEDs

All sample applications are designed to work with two LEDs : the application LED and the status LED.
LED0 is the status LED and the LED1 is the application LED.
>**Note:** Some dev kits can only support the buttons or the LEDs. The button support is the default configuration. <br/>
> For dev kits with only LED, the application LED is the default configuration.

### Status LED

> The following list explicits all the states of the status LED.

Reviewer 2: describes instead of explicits
